Portfolio Content from katebagoy.com

Genwi Portfolio
Genwi
It’s possible that I learned more in six months at this silicon valley startup than I have at any other job. From the minute I joined the team, it was nonstop action. Hired on as a Product Manager, my first task was learning and testing the product, reviewing customer complaints and determining what fixes and feature improvements we needed. I set the engineering team up with a list of more than 40 fixes, which saved several accounts from canceling. At the same time, I started working on designs for an improved UX, an iPad app and two other iOS and Android apps.
Next up was building a brand – this startup had been operating with two distinct brands and there was plenty of confusion in the media and from customers. We worked as a team to determine the best way to blend the brand and I set to work on updated designs for the two websites, as well as the back-end app building UX. When these updates were implemented, we saw an immediate boost in search engine traffic, user engagement, sign-ups and conversions.
 
iSites by GENWI iPhone App UX
UX wireframe designs for our flagship HTML5 app for iPhone. The design was also translated to our native iOS and Android apps.

iSites by GENWI iPap App UX
Early iPad UX designs. Content is user generated through the iSites app builder.

Pentagon Federal Credit Union
Designs for PenFeds iPhone, Android and iPad banking apps, as well as a custom web interface with user-level security.

genwi.com UI Design
Web designs, illustrations and copywriting for corporate site.

iSites.us UI Design
Designs for static site and app builder interface

When our CTO joined the company, I moved into a Product Marketing role. I was managing the relationship with our PR agency, landing articles in Mashable and Techcrunch. I developed collateral, banner ads, updated our social media presence and determined which conference and tradeshows we needed to attend. I also worked with our business development team and CEO to prepare presentations and mockups for major accounts and funding presentations. Overall, a great experience!

GENWI Collateral
Product Sheets and teasers designed primarily for tradeshows and conferences.

Nike App Mockups
Design mock-ups for major account presentation.

Banner Ads
Placed on Mashable.com and used in a re-targeting campaign.

Skills
Posted on
July 13, 2014


Original WOW Portfolio
Original WOW
I joined this startup restaurant company in June 2011 as a contractor and quickly got up to speed with the senior leadership team. Within two months, I’d developed identities for three brands and built a comprehensive marketing plan for The Original WOW! Burger. I participated in planning sessions for architecture, location selection and launch strategies and tasted a lot of great foods, like Bacon. Mmmm… Bacon.
I also began vetting and hiring PR and ad agencies, photographers, web and mobile developers and loyalty program vendors and was pretty busy cranking out designs for packaging, signs, collateral, business cards, uniforms, advertisements, gift cards, menus, direct mail pieces, custom QR codes, stickers and more. It was one heck of a ride, and in December 2011, The Original WOW! Burger opened it’s first store – exceeding projected revenue by 30%!
Keep your eye on CCK Restaurants – they’ve got more good things to come.
The Original WOW! Burger Identity
Identity package: Logo, Identity Manual, business cards, alternate logo

The Original WOW! Burger Uniforms
Uniform designs: managers and line workers. Included 10 sayings screenprinted on back

 
The Original WOW! Burger Menus
Digital menu board layout and to-go menu design

The Original WOW! Burger Packaging
Packaging concepts – chili bowl, cups with double-sided sleeves, carryout bags

The Original WOW! Burger Gift Cards
Series of WOW! gift cards, holders and a custom QR code. I also designed a rewards and incentive program that tied to the registration of the cards.

 
The Original WOW! Burger Collateral
Napkin holder inserts designed to entertain and inform, direct mail cards and grand opening flyer for handout at local businesses

 
The Original WOW! Burger
Interior and exterior shots of The Original WOW! Burger in Wilsonville, OR

 
CCK Restaurants Corporate Identity
Corporate identity package for CCK Restaurants USA: Logo, ID Manual, Letterhead, Envelope and Business Cards

Skills
Posted on
July 14, 2014

Metropolitan Youth Symphony Portfolio
Metropolitan Youth Symphony
Portland’s non-profit Metropolitan Youth Symphony had a need to both recruit and solicit donations. I created a unique mail piece that was a large poster folded into a double sided brochure. One side targeted potential donors with reasons to give, and the other reasons for students to join. The project also required updated identity and brand, posters and programs.
 
Metropolitan Youth Symphony Direct Mail
Six-fold brochure with perforated return postcards for donations or request for materials. Photos by Ryan Aanderud.

 
Exterior Close-Up

 
Interior Close-Up

 
Metropolitan Youth Symphony Program and Poster

Skills
Posted on
July 13, 2014

Nike Portfolio
Nike
My primary role at Nike was 80% project & digital asset management in a deadline driven environment. I collaborated with more than 15 departments on a daily basis to manage the production & delivery of sales tools for 30+ products and 120 teams; tracking more than 15,000 electronic files through the commercialization process each season.
I’m proud to say that I took the initiative to implement new policies and revised processes, leading multiple “lean” projects that resulted in more than $500,000 savings per year in operating expenses. I also trained and mentored junior associates & new hires, which led to temporary overseas duty in South Korea providing education in the Nike product creation process. During this trip I set protocol and outlined standard operating procedures for our outsourcing program.
Additionally, I took on ‘stretch’ assignments, supporting product management teams with market research, category concept sheets, flow plans, presentations and visual line plan creation. I had the opportunity to design top-selling apparel graphics for licensed college football and national events including the MLB World Series and Women’s Final Four Tournament.
 
Nike World Series Graphic Tees and Hoodies
Womens hoody graphics designed for the 2008 World Series. Design and production for 30 teams.


 
Nike Women’s Final Four Locker Room Kit
Offical Lockerroom tee for the 2008 Womens Final Four tournament in Tampa Bay. Design and production for 40 college teams, worn on court by national champions Tennessee Lady Vols.

Nike College Football Team Tee
College football tee shirt produced and sold for over 120 schools – the tape is textured ink. Sold 138,000 units for $1.2M in revenue.

Nike College Football Practice Tee
College football tee shirt, was produced and sold for over 120 schools. Sold 204,000 units for $1.76M in revenue.

Nike Major League Baseball Tees
Various tees designed for seasonal MLB mens and women’s offerings. Bottom right tee included reflective material for the lights.


Nike Classics and Branded Tees
Multiple designs for Nike branded apparel, and two location specific shirts designed for the opening of Niketown Chicago.


Skills
Posted on
July 13, 2014